what did you say to him I just told him
if a man answers hang up
didn't hear about me Gabe if I'd been a
ranch they would have named me the bar
nothing there never was a woman hi Gilda
or a picture like Gilda Columbia's
outstanding scream triumph starring Rita
Hayworth weird Glen Ford that's what I
told Bella that's what you're gonna tell
me making me deceive my husband I got
some news for you Gilly
he didn't just buy something he's in
love with you
one man bought Gilda another hated her
and hungered for her I hate you too Joey
I hate you so much I think I might have
died from it
Yoda in flaming men's hearts with a kiss
or a song love me forever
be
to now
you
the blame on
boy put the blame
one night she started to Shimon shake
that brought on the frisco quit make a
stop
what do you mean by now they all know
what i am and that should make you happy
Johnny
it's no use just you low in your tummy
now they all know but the mighty Tommy
feller got taken and he married
you